Generic single-database configuration.

## Restaurants, Reviews, and Ratings
This project implements a basic system to manage restaurants, customers, and their reviews. It uses SQLAlchemy to interact with a database to store information about restaurants, customers, and reviews they make.

Features
Models

Restaurant: Stores information about restaurants including their names, prices, and reviews.
Customer: Represents customers and their reviews.
Review: Connects restaurants and customers by storing the review details and ratings.
Functionalities

Adding Data: Allows the addition of restaurants, customers, and reviews to the database.
Querying Data: Provides querying capabilities to retrieve and display stored information.
Installation
To run this project locally, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/clairwanjiku/Restaurants-Reviews-and-Ratings
cd Restaurants-Reviews-and-Ratings
Install Dependencies

Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set Up the Database

Replace your_database_url in main.py with your actual database URL.
Run python3 lib/main.py to create tables and populate the database with sample data.
Usage
Adding Data

Modify the main.py file to add your own restaurants, customers, and reviews.
Run python3 lib/main.py to add this data to the database.
Fetching and Printing Information

Modify main.py queries to fetch and print specific information from the database.
Example queries are included in the code to guide you on retrieving data.
Database Structure
The project uses the following database structure:

restaurants

id (Integer, Primary Key): Unique identifier for each restaurant.
name (String): Name of the restaurant.
price (Integer): Price range of the restaurant.
customers

id (Integer, Primary Key): Unique identifier for each customer.
first_name (String): First name of the customer.
last_name (String): Last name of the customer.
reviews

id (Integer, Primary Key): Unique identifier for each review.
star_rating (Integer): Rating given by the customer in the review.
restaurant_id (Integer, Foreign Key): References the id column in restaurants.
customer_id (Integer, Foreign Key): References the id column in customers.
Sample Output
Running the provided sample code will display reviews with detailed information including restaurant IDs, prices, customer IDs, and star ratings.
Contribution
Contributions to this project are welcomed! Feel free to raise issues or submit pull requests for any improvements or bug fixes.


aurthor
clair karanja